welcome to be a sports club setting the
hartfordshire countryside and located on
the outskirts of Watford
my name is Debbie Willetton and I'm the
banqueting coordinator let me show you
around the club is within easy reach of
central London and boasts excellent
transport links being situated near
Junction 5 of the m1 the junction 19 or
21 8 of the m25 it is also served by
bushy railway mainline station on the
main rail route out of London via Euston
station bushy Sports Club was built in
1967 and was originally one of four
police sports clubs associated with the
mix for excellent service these club
provided sporting and leisure and social
facilities for metropolitan police
officers their family and friends and
retired police officers today whilst
retaining its close links with the
Metropolitan Police Service the club has
extended its membership and forged close
links with the local community let me
show you what bushy Sports Club has to
offer you here at Buescher Sports Club
we have two large function Suites as
well as a separate restaurant facility
which enables us to cater for your every
need let me introduce you to bushy
sports clubs full room
this is situated on the first floor and
has the ability to accommodate 300
guests with buffet for 250 which will
require a sit-down meal neutrally but
beautifully decorated we feel that this
is an ideal suite for any celebration or
conference it has its own dedicated
fully stocked bar a permanent stage for
your entertainment and advance will be
two part Illinois two
the ballroom has its own fully fitted
kitchen will cater for use or you can
have your own choice of specialist
caterers our two full-time chefs will be
happy to provide a wide selection of
dishes and facilitate all dietary
requirements to complement your day we
have an attractive private
self-contained garden area which is
ideal to serve champagne and canapés and
makes a beautiful backdrop for your
memorable photographs or videos this is
the popular ordinary on the first floor
boasting fabulous rules over the club's
expensive playing fields the room can
hold 120 guests and seat up to 90 for a
sit-down meal but is beautifully
decorated and has its own dedicated from
fully stocked bar ample dance floor and
a balcony which gives far reach and use
of the club's extensive bronys this is
the Glyndon room restaurant it is
situated on the ground floor of the
building and has exclusive use of the
club's beautiful gardens neutrally but
beautifully decorated the Glyndon room
can accommodate up to 100 dinars for
sit-down Lea or 120 guests for a buffet
it has its own dance floor and a small
stage to accommodate a DJ or other
entertainers here is the club's
purpose-built conference room it is
licensed for civil wedding ceremonies
is also fully equipped to meet all your
confessing needs
we have private parking for
approximately 350 cars and a helicopter
landing pad is also available we can
cater for all occasions here at Sochi
sports club from intimate lunches to
beautiful weddings charity events dinner
dances small board meetings and large
conferences whatever your requirements
you can be sure that a delicious sports
club our dedicated team will meet all
your needs the Metropolitan Police bushy
Sports Club is a members club setting 35
acres of lush green room and has a host
of facilities for you to enjoy
we have some of the best sporting
facilities and grounds in the county we
host a wide variety of individual sports
and sports teams from across Hartford
shared from North London including
cricket football and bowls
the club has tennis courts and netball
courts as well as a state-of-the-art
outdoor gymnasium the XI Sports Club
also boasts his own indoor gymnasium
with the latest fitness equipment
for those of you who would rather relax
than engage in physical activity we have
a sports bar with satellite broadcasting
which is shown on our widescreen
television attached to the sports bar is
our wonderful light and airy land these
facilities combined with members bar
prices make slushie Sports Hub a very
welcoming place this is our restaurant
it is open for lunch seven days a week
we also have a Sunday lunchtime carvery
which is very popular and must be booked
in advance in addition the club holds
regular delights featuring both
traditional cuisine and exotically news
from places as far away as Thailand
India and China membership is free to
all police officers from staff serving
in London's Metropolitan Police Service
for further information please contact
us on oh one nine two three two two four
three nine four seven or email info at
let's please Mashiro UK or visit our
website which is WWE special co uk thank
you